I've built a massive
isolation chamber
and we're going to see
if these two strangers
can survive in this cube
for the next 100 days.
They have never met each other ever.
Bailey. This is Suzie.
- Suzie, this is Bailey.
- Nice to meet you.
Hi! Nice to meet you.
If the two of you can survive
the next 100 days in here.
I will give you the half a million
dollars inside of this vault.
But if one of you leaves before the 100
days is up, you both get nothing.
All right. I think you
guys understand the rules.
- Have fun.
- Okay. Bye.
This is going to be crazy.
Yeah.
This is actually like an insane
asylum.
They're currently looking at all
the stuff we put in there.
We gave them enough food
for 100 days,
which is healthy,
but basically the exact same thing
over and over again.
We also gave them their own
private bathroom,
which comes with the shower
and obviously has no cameras inside
and a bed to sleep on.
They have everything
they need to survive 100 days.
It's just a question of do
they want it?
I got a comb. I don't know if
I've ever combed my hair in my life.
Interesting.
See how they're both standing
on different sides of the room?
They're so awkward.
When I had them
take their blindfolds off.
That was legitimately
the first time they had ever met.
I just keep thinking of the feeling
like
of exiting.
Oh, yeah?
How good is that going to feel?
It's only a 100 sleeps.
Only 100 sleeps.
And then the world will have just
kept going.
That's like, what freaks me out.
The most interesting
part of this experiment is that
in this room, you have no idea
what day or time it is.
And already night one.
Suzie and Bailey made the mistake
of only sleeping for 2 hours,
which means they started
their second day at 2:37 a.m.
I'm just going to just act like
this is just the new normal.
- Okay, what do you want to eat?
- Are you feeling beef or chicken?
- Chicken.
- Chicken sounds great.
That is sickening.
It's good.
As you can see, living inside
a white cube is pretty boring.
Besides eating the same thing
over and over, time in the chamber
consisted of two things
trying to hide
from the bright light.
The lights are just so bright,
that we have to make these things
to shield ourselves.
And desperate attempts
to keep themselves entertained.
Like on day four,
when they use the paper
from their journals
to make a deck of playing cards.
Is he making... Cards?
All right.
So I just finished my deck of cards.
I think that they actually
came out all right.
Which honestly looked pretty fun.
So I made myself a $30,000 seat
and joined it.
On day five,
they made a sign in sheet,
which was really just
an elaborate trick.
What is it?
You have to sign our sign in sheet.
Oh, these are our camera people.
Yeah, this is everyone
that's come in today.
Wait a minute.
You're having them do this
so you can track the date
and the time.
Hold up, I need to borrow this.
No, no, I wrote the date.
I wrote the date.
Which I got to say was pretty smart.
But by the time we got to day seven,
anything considered
smart was thrown out the window.
Bailey's lost it.
He's whipping the pork.
Yeah.
The veggies never stood a chance.
Five more throws.
But I only need one.
Let's freakin go, baby.
It's actually crazy to me
that already on day 9
of this challenge, they're
bored enough to expose the red line
that if they cross, they lose
every dollar of their prize money.
It is now day number ten.
How you doing, Nolan?
Good.
And I got a pretty
interesting offer.
What is it?
So it looks like they took
the $500,000 and put 250 on her side
and 250 on his to remind themselves
of what's at stake.
The whole door
opening thing is so dramatic.
How's it going?
We're about to reveal the most
interesting part of the challenge.
I need you two to just face this wall.
They don't even know
that there's a door back here.
Let's do this.
This is their first time seeing
the outside world in 10 days.
You are kidding me.
The sky.
Every ten days,
I will give you something
that will make the challenge easier.
But if you actually want it,
you have to pay for it
with some of your prize money.
And first, for day ten,
we're going to give you
the option to buy a private chef
that'll cook you
whatever you want between now
and the end of the challenge
for $50,000.
Before you answer,
if you want to give up
some of your prize money,
we're gonna let
you have a nice meal.
Use this as a floor
for your imagination
as to what you could be eating for
90 more days.
You are kidding me.
50 grand a lot, though.
Okay, let's not think about it
right now.
These look like some people
that have only canned chicken
for ten days.
I love just looking at the sky.
You forget that they literally
haven't seen the sun in 10 days.
Now I feel bad.
After eating this,
the thought of that food
is like grossing me out even worse.
It's rough.
They're starting to talk about
whether they should take it.
- I don't know what to do.
- I don't either.
This is a good first one to tempt us
with.
- Oh, no.
- Hey Jimmy.
All right.
It's time for the decision.
Would you pay $50,000 to have this
for the rest of the challenge?
- Nope.
- I think we decided no.
Really?
I honestly didn't
think you guys would say no.
- Oh, no, no.
- Oh, my God.
I have another offer in ten days.
We'll see if you cave, then.
I really thought
you were going to say yes.
- That was crazy.
- Bye.
I'm really curious about
what the next temptation is.
I know,
but you know what?
I'm proud of us
for staying strong.
Good job.
And now, with the chef gone,
it seemed like Suzie
and Bailey were already starting
to regret their decision.
Bon appétit.
My favorite part is
that you can hold it sideways,
And it stays on the plate.
The next few days were
pretty mind-numbing for the both of them.
Their routine consisted
of waking up, cooking food,
and then eventually
just going back to sleep.
Man, the longer I'm in here,
the more I feel like I'm sharing
a space with an annoying sibling.
Are you talking about me?
Who else?
And even though they were getting
used to each other, one thing
they weren't getting used to were
the constant beaming lights.
It's just so bright in there.
I came in the bathroom because
the light, you can keep it off.
So it's nice and like dark in here.
Once it gets super late at night,
I physically feel my eyes stinging
just because of how bright
the lights are in here
and because it was so hard
for them to get any sleep.
I had the perfect offer
planned for day 20.
Congrats, you're 20% done.
Are you two ready for the offer?
- Yeah.
- Yes.
Your day 20 offer is simple.
I will give you each a smart bed
that are super comfortable
and combined will cost
$50,000 of your prize money.
I will also give you this iPad
with the ability
to turn off the lights.
Dang.
They have exactly one hour
to decide if they want to spend
$50,000 of their prize money
for these beds
and the ability to turn off the lights.
The answer might be yes.
I haven't seen Suzie this happy
since we literally started
the challenge.
Let's remember what we would have
to live with if we don't say yes.
Oh, my gosh.
I think they're going to take it.
I think we should.
It's only 10% of our money.
It's decision
time.
Your 1 hour is up.
This is what
your eyeballs could have.
But if you say no,
this is what you're stuck with
for 80 days straight.
Do you want this comfortable beds?
I'm actually okay with whatever you say.
- Five, four.
- Oh, my gosh.
- Three.
- I’m happy with whatever you say.
- Two, one.
- Bailey, yes or no? Bailey, yes or no?
What's your decision?
No.
Really?
Ok... Wow.
I did not see that one coming.
I think I made a mistake, maybe.
Oh, what a heavy mistake.
I cannot believe you guys said no.
I'll leave you alone
for a couple of days.
I hope you don't regret
your decision.
- Bye
- Bye.
I think we made the right decision.
I can't believe that
in the heat of the moment
you said no.
I feel that slight regret right now.
I don't.
I feel no regret in your decision.
So today I made my calendar,
and I was just writing
my mom's birthday.
It's going to
be tough on that day, I think.
I'm so bored.
I think that we're hitting a point
where boredom is
like at a all-time high.
I woke up this morning
and didn't feel like doing anything,
so I just sat there and stared.
What are you going to do with this money?
I have a house, I was probably
going to pay a lot on the house.
Oh, that's awesome.
I want to pay off my parents debt.
That would be like my ideal world.
Throughout the following days,
I made sure to not interrupt
the routine.
However,
I was also taking note of things
they missed from the outside world,
like on day 24 when I overheard them
wanting seasoning on their food.
Okay, if we add seasoning, I can
easily stay here a hundred days.
On day 27, Suzie was craving coffee.
I am a big coffee
drinker and I only have water.
And on day 28, Bailey clearly needed
entertainment.
So by day 30
I had the perfect plan
to get them to spend money.
It's now day 30 and
it's time for another offer.
- How's it going?
- Hi.
Today's offer is simple.
Each of these five items
cost $10,000.
You can buy one phone call,
the entire Harry Potter collection,
your own coffee machine, spices,
salt and pepper for your food.
Or you can buy a monopoly
for $10,000.
You could buy one of them.
You can buy all five of them.
This is tough, actually.
You have 10 minutes to decide.
Just let me know what you want.
I'm so nervous.
- This is a big decision.
- Coffee?
- It does sound kind of nice.
- It does.
- And then the seasoning.
- Seasoning sounds nice too.
I'm doing this one
1,000% I'll be honest with you.
I don't really care about that.
Sick.
Coffee would be nice,
as like a treat every morning.
I've made my mind up.
Decision time.
Are you buying Monopoly?
- No.
Gone.
Are you buying the spices?
- No.
Are you buying the coffee?
Does it come with cream or sugar?
If you say yes in 3 seconds.
- Yes.
- Okay.
Yay Coffee!
Are you buying
the Harry Potter books?
Yes.
Are you buying the phone calls?
- No.
We finally got you two to buy something.
This feels good.
It was a pleasure doing business.
Thanks for taking your money.
Most expensive coffee
maker in the world.
30 days in, we got something
new, that's exciting.
We caved. You're welcome.
That's my closet.
That's my bookshelf.
I could stay another 70 days easy.
And we still have $480,000 It’s crazy.
Over the next few days.
Not a lot happened.
- She's already preparing a meal.
- It's like being married.
The most interesting thing was
when
hurricane Idalia
took out the power on day 34.
- Oh, no way.
- No way.
As you can imagine,
our cameras became pretty useless.
So I'm
just going to take you to day 39.
How's it going?
- Hello?
- Hi.
Hey.
I know
you guys have been struggling.
I'm sorry it took so long.
Hold up.
Oh there we go.
That was a long delay.
You should be able to use
your coffee pot again, cook food.
You should have a hot shower.
That's excellent.
I'll see you tomorrow
with the surprise.
Oh, I'm so excited.
The power's on.
Look, it's light.
Like it feels like cheerier.
The lights are back on again.
I just had a hot meal, hot shower.
Life is finally looking up here.
There's now day 40.
- Can I come in?
- Come in.
Your gift at no expense is this TV.
But every single movie is $10,000
a pop.
You have one hour to decide.
Have fun.
This is crazy.
The amount of movies in here.
We can watch this documentary about Nolan.
We left Suzie and Bailey
to discuss the offer
and told them we'd be back later,
but they didn't seem too interested.
How about ten grand for all?
I'll go ahead and tell you now, no.
You might as well just come in here,
because I think we both are
set in our ways.
Okay.
The best I could do
is buy one, get one half off.
Can't do it.
All right gang, come on in.
Take every last one.
I'll gladly keep this.
Not any of the Hunger Games?
I left the TV in the chamber
to remind Suzie and Bailey
of what they could have had.
But little did I know
they were going to outsmart me.
An antenna is just a piece of metal.
Rip this little wire off the wall.
So I had to take this knife
so that the wire is, like, frayed.
I literally just plugged it
into the antenna spot.
Now we're going to see if it works.
Just anything.
Give us one channel.
What?
It says that there's seven digital
channels.
Oh, my gosh.
If this actually works...
Wait.
- I'm like actually shaking.
- Bailey!
Currently the only thing
that we can get on the TV
is a race car race.
- Never really been a fan.
- Oh, he's in second.
But today, all of a sudden, we're
huge race car fans.
Our time is going to fly by.
And Suzie was right
because for the next six days,
that's all they did.
Having the TV
feels like we're in purgatory.
It's like almost normal life.
It is my mom's birthday tomorrow,
even though I won't be able
to spend the day with her.
I got some time in here to make her
a little birthday present.
Although I didn't go out and buy
something, I'm technically
spending money on it.
Tomorrow is day 50,
so I'm going to use toilet paper
to do streamers
and decorate the room.
It's day 50.
Oh hey!
So what do you think
your surprise is today?
I have no idea.
This one is a very big one.
All right, so the offer for day 50
is $20,000 for you to see your family.
They're in the other room
watching that feed and they can hear
everything we're saying,
- Hey, I miss you guys.
- Hi! I love you guys.
I'll be back in 10 minutes to hear
if you're going to take the offer.
Good luck. 10 minutes.
This is like a pretty easy decision.
What are your thoughts?
Oh, my gosh.
I don't know.
This might be the only chance
in this challenge
to see them until the end.
I think it's a
no brainer personally.
So it's up to you on
if we spend 20 grand for both.
Of course. I want to see my parents too.
It's killing me.
He is a yes and she is a no.
Mom, dad, tell me what to do.
All right.
What do you think?
And where are you guys at?
He's been a yes from the beginning.
As soon as you said it.
About 10 seconds left.
But it's my mom's birthday today and
we're saying yes.
All right.
Give me $20,000 and I'll go get them.
Best 10K ever spent,
I think.
Okay.
They paid the 20 grand.
Come on in.
I'm so excited.
It was a tough decision.
I made you a birthday gift.
And to celebrate her birthday,
we brought a birthday cake.
This is the best tasty thing
they've had in forever.
It's little things like that
that you don't realize
you won't have
until you're in it.
Bye! Love you.
Bye!
That's the worst feeling so far.
The highest of highs.
And now back to our little cube
all alone.
Like I said earlier,
the things we're offering
them are based off of what
we're overhearing them
talk about in the cube.
So you better believe that
when Suzie said this.
Probably the only thing I'd say yes to at
this point is like if they do Tesla.
You already know on day 60 I knew
exactly what to surprise them with.
- How's it going?
- Hi.
Oh, hey.
First things first.
I brought you a giant mystery gift.
Do the two of
you want to spend $50,000
to keep
what's inside of this box?
Is either going to be
the best moment of their life
or the worst moment.
Just give me your answer in an hour.
All right,
Thanks. We'll be thinking.
59 minutes remain in.
I think we should.
I know, I think it might be worth it.
Imagine it is something
great and we said no.
Would it ever be a car?
Well, it could be.
Could actually be the keys to a car.
It's not going to be equal
to the value that we're spending.
She's right.
It's almost three times more.
I don't feel confident in the yes.
Then let's say no.
But are you sure?
Yeah, if you're not confident.
I just know
they would never do a car.
- Yeah, they would.
- Really?
Yeah I feel like they could do anything.
Let's just say no.
Wait, now you have me
wanting to say yes.
Decision time.
Okay.
Do you want to spend $50,000
to keep what is inside this box?
Yes or no?
No.
Really?
What is your answer?
I'm going with no.
- Really?
- Yeah.
I can't believe you guys
didn't take it.
- Do you want to unlock it?
- Sure.
All right, inside is $50,000, so you
would have got your money back.
And then you want to open up
that stack of money. Just grab that.
Here is a Tesla key for you
and a Tesla key for you.
I'm so sorry.
They would have gotten their money
back.
Plus these two Teslas for free.
Oh, I want to cry.
Let's close this.
That's literally my dream.
We're going to head out.
You leave their Beef. Thank you.
Bye.
- I feel defeated.
- That's wild.
Bailey...
They got us Teslas.
I feel like we made the wrong
decision.
I'll regret this forever.
- No.
- Yeah, I will.
Oh, no, it's all a dream.
I like my Prius.
Okay?
There, I said it.
And after getting hit hard
by yesterday's offer, Suzie literally
whined about the Tesla for nine days
straight.
It's really hard to see the positive
in all this.
I actually won't be able to sleep.
I'm actually feeling sick right now.
I'm so mad.
Suzie's taking it hard.
And so to make up for it,
I made sure this next offer
was the best one yet.
It's day 70.
Today's a big day
because this is the last offer.
So obviously on day 80,
there's only 20 days left
and on day 90 you're going to be like,
why would we spend money?
- There's ten days left, correct?
- Yeah.
- Let me just open the doors.
- Oh God
No shot you reject this offer.
What you see here is everything
you said no to so far in this challenge.
Before I tell you the price tag, I'm
going to move everything in here.
I'm gonna make it as easy
as possible for them to say yes.
Nolan, just put those by the TV.
As much as I love to
bully Nolan, he's just dumb.
Here's a bed.
If you guys say no,
we have to move
all of this back out.
Well,
then give us a good price.
What you are considering buying
is these two $30,000 beds.
A brand new mystery box.
This one doesn't have 50
grand inside.
It has something else.
Sounds like 25 grand.
One phone called each, spices,
monopoly, every single movie
in the Walmart movie aisle.
And lastly,
the cook you said no to.
- There is a plate of food.
- I see a lot of good food.
And to remind you how good it is,
here's some chicken alfredo.
That looks so good.
It's time to find out
how much this will cost you.
Behind these curtains is the number.
If you bid higher than that number,
you get everything here
for the rest of the challenge.
But if you say $1, one penny lower,
you get nothing.
I'll give you an hour
to figure out your bid.
I'm thinking,
what if it's like, way low
and they want us to say 150 grand?
I think if we've been 75,
that would be too little.
They're thinking at least 100 K.
I actually feel like
we should go a little bit lower
because we were prepared to say no
to it.
That's true.
But are you prepared
to walk away with nothing?
And while they're deciding
what to do,
I want to tell you about the Shop app.
The Shop app is the best way
to shop on your phone
and it's completely free.
It'll basically look at everything
you're interested in
and recommend you products you love.
This is the only wild card
because we know what beds are
and we know what movies are.
We don't know what's in here.
I have a feeling I want
whatever is inside.
It's actually a third contestant.
Help!
And when you're ready to buy,
you can speed through
check out using Shop Pay.
Let's do this 80 grand 101,
because it's day 70.
I don't want to go under 70.
I feel like this gives us space.
I get what you're saying.
But imagine that was the reason why
we didn't end up getting all this.
- Yeah.
- I would be so sad.
Shop app will even track
all your packages in one place
so you'll know exactly
when they'll arrive for the holidays.
A $100,000 and $100.
Yeah. It's not really
that much damage.
- This is it, this is the one.
- Ready? Official
We're flipping it.
I hope we get it.
Let the Shop app AI assistant scan
hundreds of millions of products
all over the Shop app
to recommend these perfect gifts
for this holiday season.
Time is up. What's the number?
Let me see it.
Before you do, make sure you
download the Shop app right now.
If you haven't already, I explained
all the benefits of it, it's
a beautiful amazing app.
Download the Shop app. Okay.
What is your bid?
If it's $1 below mine,
you get nothing.
$100,101.
Chandler reveal it.
69.
We get it! Yes!
- You overpaid by 30.
- I don't care.
We get the bed!
This is the most excited I've been so far.
Oh my Gosh!
And this mystery box,
which I did clarify, was different.
It's two smaller Teslas.
No, I love this.
I'll be teaming up with the Shop app
to grant thousands of wishes
this holiday season.
I'll tell you more about it
at the end of the video.
Our room feels drastically different
right now.
- It's a dream.
- We now have so many things to do.
It's like a vacation.
It's an investment for sure.
I think it was well worth $100,000.
You may think, Oh,
the challenge is over now,
but one of them may lose everything
you'll see on day 99
what I'm talking about.
Oh my God, this is crazy.
Now, you would think that getting
all this stuff
would make both of them
a lot happier, but strangely enough,
the opposite actually started
to happen.
One thing I took for granted on
the outside
was a hot shower that I also did
not share with anyone.
The hot water tank here
runs out so quickly and
Bailey always showers before me,
so I've been stuck
showering with cold water
for honestly a couple of months now.
We've been playing
the same Monopoly game
for like seven days
because Suzie refuses to play
like I maybe she just
hates board games.
I think we need to take like three days
and cram as many movies as we can.
All she ever does is read
or watch movies.
We got to have like a movie
marathon.
So whenever I'm like,
Can we just finish the game?
She's like, Yeah.
And then it never ends up happening.
It's impossible to get her to focus.
Hey, do you want to watch
The Notebook later?
No, I don't want to watch
The Notebook later.
We spent the last like 25 minutes
trying to choose a movie.
And Suzie,
what did you say you're about to go do?
Shower.
Sorry.
She literally
does this all the time.
Bailey is wired right now.
This happens
literally every morning.
He's just nonstop, so energetic
all the time.
I just had to come in here
because I can't go anywhere else.
That's a rave right there.
Bailey, it's 3 a.m.
Yeah,
but sometimes you got to rave.
Oh, get me out of here.
You're the worst.
Do you want to play Monopoly?
No.
Do you know where the dice are?
Yeah,
I hid them
because you keep asking me to play.
So I was like,
maybe if I just hide them,
then we'll never be able to play.
Your toes look so long.
No, that's sickening.
My dogs are barking.
I would like to be saved.
Mom, I'm ready to leave.
Even though at this point
they could hardly stand each other.
With the end so close,
they set their differences aside
and counted down the days.
Four days left, three.
And Bailey, well...
It's going to be
Really couldn't wait
to walk out those doors.
I wasn't in the middle
of saying anything.
All right.
Day 99.
For me, it feels like it's been
honestly an entire year.
I can't imagine
what they're feeling.
I have to brush my teeth
one more time.
Ever
24 hours remain.
- This many.
- Yes.
So this is the first second of
the challenge when you've both walked in.
- Oh, my Gosh.
- How was that us?
I feel like I look
like I'm a fetus in that.
Come on in, gentleman.
Set it up right above the door.
It's so exciting.
You officially have 24 hours
left in the challenge.
Don't forget what I said.
We got a fun twist for tomorrow.
I'm scared.
You think they'll still be friends
after this?
Depends
what their answer is tomorrow.
I'm worried that it's
going to be double or nothing.
He's so, like, quiet about it.
- You can't guess.
- Yeah.
And with their final night
coming to an end,
It was time to present them with an
opportunity to double their money.
Hey, everyone.
This is chaotic.
What is going on?
I don't know.
Big boy.
I want to help, but not really.
They're literally just taking everything.
Do you know what these are?
Those are blindfolds
from the first day.
That was quick.
I remember it like it was yesterday.
If you would both
please put them back on.
Let's see
if they want to double their money.
Okay.
Oh my gosh, my heart is actually
beating out of my chest.
100 days ago, they were strangers.
One hour ago they were best friends.
Let's
see if they become total enemies.
Bailey and Suzie,
take your blindfolds off.
So you might be familiar
with what we're about to offer you.
You each have the choice to split
the money, and nothing changes.
You both hit split.
You just split it.
Keep what you have,
or if you hit steal, you can steal
the other person's money.
And if you both hit
steal, you would get nothing.
Suzie has earplugs in
and noise cancellation
headphones on top of them.
She can't hear us.
What's going through your head?
I don't even know, Suzie
if you put steal, I can't imagine.
What do you say to somebody
that steals 180? Whatever.
Maybe you get ahead of it
and you steal it.
Fair.
Do you hear that?
Bailey actually might.
Bailey might.
All right.
throw the music back in his ears.
What if while we were over there,
he was like,
"Oh, this is a no brainer.
It's too much money"
We would never speak again.
You guys have become, like,
such close friends.
I don't know.
You get to know anyone.
And when you've gone
through the same thing
and like how hard this challenge has
been, we both deserve half for sure.
But now you're making me nervous.
Like I could do it, too.
What did she just say?
Maybe it'll be a case of you
thinking of someone.
I don't know.
If both of them press the steal button,
they literally spend 100 days
in this room together
for absolutely nothing.
There's 30 seconds left in the
challenge at the very last second.
I want you both to place your vote.
Do you want to walk away
with 360 grand or half of it?
No one speak.
Karl and Kris,
you two don't talk either.
I know that Suzie is going to split,
but the thought of walking away
with almost $360,000,
I could do so much.
Do you want to split the money
or steal it?
The fact that I entered this
challenge,
Three.
Knowing that
there would be pretty dark
times ahead
Two.
And I still overcame all those things
One.
There's no price you can put on that.
No way.
If the room turns red,
then someone stole.
If the room turns green,
then you split the money.
You both chose split!
Yes!
Congratulations on surviving!
- Yeah!
- Yes!
There you go, there's your money!
Follow me out here.
And like I said
earlier in the video, don't
forget to download the Shop app.
If you go on my store
in the Shop app,
you can tell me whatever you want
for the holiday.
And I'm going to be fulfilling
thousands of wishes.
You can say
like a Tesla, Yu-Gi-Oh cards.
Feastables bars, doesn't matter.
Thank you Shop app.
I appreciate you so much.
And as always,
let’s blow this place up.